[Music]
this annual meeting of the council that
consists of the six Gulf Nations was
dominated by the war on
Gaza the host the Emir of Qatar shik
tamin bin hammed althani here greeting
the king of Bahrain hammed bin Isa Al
Khalifa has been at the center of recent
diplomacy his country mediated a 7-Day
truce but it's been followed by more
intense bombardment something he called
genocide he says the International
Community must act
we call on the security Council namely
the permanent members to live up to
their legal responsibility to put an end
to this barbaric war and force Israel to
return to the negotiation table to reach
a just solution based on International
resolutions and the aab peace initiative
on a two-state
solution the gulf Nations invited the
president of turkia to be their guest at
this
meeting the Netanyahu Administration is
inang dangering the security and future
of our entire region in order to extend
its political life the loss of life of
177,000 Palestinians mostly children and
women is a crime against humanity and a
war crime Israel should not get away
with these crimes the Emir of qatar's
comments urging the UN Security Council
to compel Israel to accept a permanent
ceesar would almost certainly get
support from many nations right now but
when the council met in New York it was
clear that one country the US is opposed
to any new resolution and of course it's
a permanent member with veto power James
Bay Al jazer
Doan make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer